# 作文句型

## 举例

1. we may quote a single example of ...
2. History is filled with the examples of ...
3. it provides a good instance of ...
4. To the already familiar facts a number of further evidence may be added.
5. The story is not rare, it is one of many examples I have read
6. One recent study conducted at a factory/university indicates that
7. As is evidenced in the figures/statistics released by
8. According to a lastest poll, it can be learned ...
9. There is (no) good evidence to show that
10. All available/striking/statistical evidence piles up to show that
11. Personal experience leads me to conclude that ...
12. This brings out/sets forth/reveals the unquestionable fact that ...
13. We must admit the astonishing fact that ..

## 比较分析

1. The advantages of B carry more weight than those of A. ...
2. Superior as A is, ..., it has its own disadvantages. For one thing, it ... . For another, it ...
3. The effect of comparison is heightened by the particular advantage B enjoys.
4. Although A secures enormous advantage over ..., it cannot compete with B in ...
5. A's advantage sounds ridiculous/means nothing when B's advantages are taken into consideration.
6. When the advantages and disadvantages of ... are carefully compared, the most striking finding/conclusion is self-evident/obvious
7. Although everyone believes that ... I doubt/wonder whether the argument bears close examination.
8. As opposed to commonly held views, I believe that ...
9. Although the nationwide belief is that ..., a current/new/recent survey demostrates that ...
10. Although the inclination to ... is laudable/desirable/understandable, one may still wonder whether ... is fair.
11. They may be right about ..., but they seem to neglect to mention the fact that ...
12. Although it is commonly accepted that ..., it is unlikely to be true that ...
13. It is true that .../Admittedly, but it doesn't mean that ...
14. It would be natural to take the view that ..., but it would be absurd to argue that ..., and it would be more absurd to believe that ...
15. There is absolutely no reason for us to believe that ...

## 原因

1. Among the most convincing reasons cited by people for ..., one should be stressed ...
2. One may regard the trend as a sign of/result of/response to/reaction to ...
3. The increase in ... mainly/largely/partly results from/arises from or is due to/owing to attrbutable to the fact that .../ several facts.
4. We may blame/criticize the increase to ..., but ... is not by itself an adequate explanation.
5. One may attribute the increase to ..., but ... is not by itself an adequate explanation.  **原因不足的。**
6. One may trace this trend back to ..., but it doesn't answer the question of/why ... **现象或者结果并不是原因。**
7. There are a variety of reasons for this extraordinary increase in .... First, ...Second,...Finally...
8. A multitude of factors could conspire towards/account for/contribute to/lead to/result in/influence the change/increase/success/development in...
9. Another contributing/contributory cause of ... is ...
10. Also playing a part is ...
11. Why are/did/do ...? For one thing, ...For another. Perhaps the primary reason is ... **or** One reason is .... Another is ... Perhaps the mosti important reason is ...
12. ... is solely(唯一的，独一无二的)/chiefly(主要的，首要的) reponsible for the rise/decrease in ...
13. The reasons for ... are complicated/profound and perhaps/maybe they are found in the fact ..
14. Some people suggest that the fault is with teenagers who .... But it doesn't explain ... **or** they are only partly right.
15. It may bring about/cause/produce a drastic(极端的，激烈的)/sweeping(彻底的，一网打尽的)/considerable rise in ...

## 数字的表达

1. In 1990, it increased/rose/jumped/shot up by/to 15 percent.
2. By *comparison* with 1990, it fell/dropped/decreased to / from to
3. The figure/percentage/number/population has nearly/almost/more than doubled compared with that of last year/decade.
4. It has dropped more than twice/six times/two and a half times, compared with ...
5. The number is twice as much as that of 1990.
6. It has reached something of a plateau in the recent 5 years
7. It accounts for 15 percent of the total ...
8. There was/were 26 traffic accidents in March, up from 20 percent for the same period last years. That is the second-highest rate in history, continuing a upward trend begun in the 1970s.
9. By 1990, less than three-quarters/40 percent of/one out of five/one in four college population/graduates, as against last year, pereferred to ...
10. The number was 15 percent/15 per thousand, less than a half of the 1990 total.

## 开头句型
