## Task
Do you agree or disagree with the following statement?
**Always telling the truth is the most important consideration in any relationship.**
Use specific reasons and examples to support your answer.

## Example

#### DISHONESTY KILLS RELIABILITY

There are certain considerations or factors that everyone takes into account in a relationship. People may look for honesty, altruism, understanding, loyalty, being thoughtful etc! Everyone would more or less wish that the person s/he is dealing with, has some of these virtues above. Putting them in an order according to their importance, however can be very subjective and relative.

When someone asks him/herself the question "What do I consider to be the most import thing in my relationship?" the answer depends on a lot of factors such as how his/her earlier relationships were.

After stating that everyone's opinion can be different about this, for me honesty, in other words, always telling the truth is the most important consideration in a relationship. Opposite of this is inarguable lying and if someone needs to lie, either s/he is hiding something or is afraid of telling me something.

In any relationship of mine, I would wish that first of all, the person I'm dealing with is honst. Even though s/he thinks that s/he did something wrong that I wouldn't like, s/he'd better tell me the truth and not lie about it. Later on if I find out about case how can I ever believe or trust that person anymore? How can I ever believe that this person has enough confidence in me to forgive him/her and carry on with the relationship from there. So if I cannot trust a person anymore, if the person doesn't think I can handle the truth, there's no point to continuing that relationship.

Although I would like to see Altruistic, understanding, thoughtful and loyal behavior from people, an instance of the opposite of these behavious would not upset me as much as dishonsty would. Among all the possible behaviors, dishonesty is the only one for me that terminates how I feel about a person's reliability. Therefore honesty would be my first concern and the most important consideration in a relationship.

## My Essay

Some people believe that always telling the truth in any relationship is really the most important consideration. It is indeed. Honesty is the basis of relationship between friends, spouses, and even states. With this virtue, friends earn trust, spouses earn love, and states earn cooperations and prosperities. Thereby, some people claim that truth is always right and we could not tell a lie in any relationship in any case.

However, always telling the truth in any relationship needs to be questioned. A father who tell his child the truth of Santa is not a wanderful parent. A doctor who tell his or her patients the truth of their incurable illness is not wise. The fact is that we human beings is a sensitive and emotional creature and we need fancy dreams or unreachable goals to cheer ourselves up and keep on pursuing good lives. Sometimes, a little lie or just a rhetorical trick could give people that.

In conclusion, always telling the truth is the foundation of our relationships. But it is not always better to do so. Lies help protect vulnerable person from touph reality. And, how could I tell a sensitive and emotional person the truth that is really hideous and hurtful?


*time cost : 45min*

*date : 20160517*

